Add suggestion of awsprofile alias for easier profile switching to RE… (#200)
techservicesillinois/awscli-login: docs/readme/body.rst

user will receive either a phone call or a push to the default
Duo device.

For an easier way to switch between multiple profiles, consider an alias
like this in your shell's start-up script:

    $ alias awsprofile='() { [ "$1" ] && export AWS_PROFILE=$1 || unset AWS_PROFILE; }'

> Using this alias, you can set the profile for the aws login and other aws
> commands to use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function should work on any Bourne compatible shell (bash, zsh, ksh, dash, etc). 
Using this function, you can set the profile for the aws login and other aws commands to use:
```

    $ awsprofile prod
    $ aws login
    $ aws s3 ls
    $ awsprofile test
    $ aws login
    $ aws s3 ls

The above would log into the prod profile and do an s3 ls then switch to
the test profile and do an s3 ls in that profile. You're now logged into
both profiles simultaneously and can switch between them by issuing

> awsprofile commands. Additionally, you can run awsprofile without any
> profile name to clear $AWS_PROFILE if you want to make sure no active
> profile is selected.

Reviewer: Note that if AWS_PROFILE is clear the default profile is automatically selected. I found the last part of the sentence a little confusing so I shortened it.

```suggestion
awsprofile commands. Additionally, you can run awsprofile without any
profile name to clear $AWS_PROFILE.
```
